 Life is hard and throws a lot at us at times. There are circumstances that make us feel stuck and trying to find an escape. Despite what's happened or where you are right now, you can live a happy life on your terms. Happiness starts in your mind and then in the choices you make. Here are five choices that can lead you to whatever a happy life means to you. 
  生活总是充满艰难险阻，让我们不堪重负。很多时候，我们陷入瓶颈，试图找到突破口。不管过去发生过什么，也不管你如今身在何处，你仍然能够过上你想要的幸福的生活。因为你的思想是幸福的源泉，你的决心是幸福的起点。不管你想要过上什么样的幸福生活，以下五大决定都能帮到你。   1. Finding or Creating Work that Fulfills You   Forty plus hours is a long time to spend in work that doesn't fulfill you -- or worse -- work that you hate. Those feelings and emotions will affect other areas of your life. We live in the Information Age. Never has there been a time with so much access to knowledge and opportunity to create income. You can use the Internet and social media to find your dream job or start a business you're passionate about. Use what's available to us to today to find or create work that fulfills and brings purpose to your life.   2. Ending a Toxic Relationship or Moving Forward in a Good One   Just like our work, our relationships also have a tremendous effect on our life. They can bring us joy or frustrate us into depression. Relationships are hard because love is involved, and love is rarely rational. It can also be more than romantic relationships; any that are toxic can rob us of happiness. We have to make a choice to purge negativity from our lives in any form. If you have good relationships, make the choice to do the work it takes to grow together.   3. Stepping Outside of Your Comfort Zone   It's not easy to do things that scare us or that we're not used to. Growing up, we were taught to follow the rules and do what society considers normal. When we stay within our comfort zone, we miss a huge opportunity for growth and adventure. To grow as a person, you have to try new things and figure out if they're right for your life. Step outside of your comfort zone daily and get a blueprint for the kind of life that makes you happy.   4. Getting Committed to a Healthy Lifestyle   Your health is important to living a long and happy life. Making healthy choices helps you have the energy you need to push forward and make big changes in your life. What you eat affects how you feel and the attitude that you have towards yourself and the world. Make healthy choices and will it will be a big contributor to your happiness.   5. Never Giving into Complacency   Each of us has a lot to be grateful for in life--despite of any hard situations. While we should have an attitude of gratitude, we should never confuse that with complacency. You can be grateful for what you have in your life while still wanting and striving for more. You have big dreams and goals in your mind and heart for a reason. Never let complacency convince you to settle for less than you deserve.   You can have an amazing year and accomplish every "resolution" you set for yourself. You can live a happy life, but more than that, you deserve to spend each day living life on your terms. Make choices every day that lead to the kind of life you want to live. 