 The man cocked his rifle and directed it at my chest. I was just about to pull out my gun when I felt a sharp pain in my torso. I was trying to see where the man was, but ended up seeing nothing but my own blood...   "Joey, Joey," said a mysterious voice. I opened my eyes with a struggle.   "What happened?" I asked.   "You were shaking and sweating like crazy. And saying something like, 'No, please don't shoot me!' and stuff like that," said Steve.   "Uh," I groaned as I turned over and belched on Steve's shoes.   "Hey!" screamed Steve, "Those are my new Nike Air shoes!"   "where are we anyways?" I asked.   "We're waiting for our ship to get ready, duh!"   I nearly forgot. Both Steve and I were taking a cruise to Iceland.   "The Great White is to departure to Iceland!" shouted the P.A.   "That's our cue!" I shouted in excitement, "Iceland, here we come!"   "Toilet, here I come..." I groaned as I fumbled my way down the aisles of the ship.   "I told you not to eat too much food and then run around like a lunatic!" shouted Steve. "People these days," he mumbled, "what they do for attention."   "Passengers, we are just 1 hour away from reaching Iceland," said the P.A, "would all passengers please stay seated for the next hour."   "I hope they have a built in toilet in each seat," I said nervously, "because I feel another load coming on."   "Don't worry Joey, just keep thinking about-," he was cut short by a violent shake.   "What was that?" I asked.   "Evacuate! Evacuate! We've just hit an iceberg! Evacuate! Evacuate!" shouted the P.A. And in the blink of an eye, everyone was up on their feet and running towards the lifeboats at the sides of the ship.   "Come on Joey! Let's get out of here!" shouted Steve. I ran as fast as I could, while dodging all of the flying furniture coming towards me. I huffed and puffed as I ran up the platform of the ship, which was becoming more and more vertical with each passing second. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw several tables tumbling towards Steve.   "Steve!" I shouted, "Watch out!" But it was too late. By the time Steve had turned around and faced me, the tables had already collided into him and sent him rolling down the platform. "Steve! No!" I shouted as I watched him being sucked down into the water. I stood there, helplessly, just staring after him. And then I remembered that I had to get out of this ship, or else I'd end up like Steve. So I jumped for my last chance at life. I grabbed a pole and held on fast. And then in a flash, my legs pushed me off of the pole and I splashed in the water. I surfaced, and watched as The Great White slowly sank into the unknown secrets of the Waterworld...   I grunted with effort as I pulled myself into an abandoned raft. I looked around me in the raft, I see nothing but canned food and mold. "Oh well," I sigh, "at least there's food." I quickly change my mind when I open a can. It was filled with nothing but mold. I take a look at my surroundings, nothing but endless water, endless oceans, endless nightmares. I just can't place Steve's death out of my mind. It just doesn't seem fair, that he had to die at such a young age. I don't even know how I'm surviving. I don't even know how I'm going to survive.   During evening the next day, there was a violent rumble, and a big swooshing sound. I turned and looked through my binoculars. There, in the distance, was a humongous tsunami headed my way. Boom! I jumped. I looked up to see the clouds darkening and the lightning illuminating the endless sky. "Great," I said, "just like salt can't go without pepper, tsunamis can't go without a storm." I returned my glance to the tsunami, and even though it was still far away, I was terrified of it. I took my paddle and started to move out of the tsunami's path. There it was again, the swooshing noise. I turned my glance towards to where the sound came from. There, dead ahead, was a monster wave taller than Harbor Center, and longer than a train, rushing in my direction. I just watched it, terrified of its massive size, its thundering noise, and, its rushing speed. Fortunately for me, the tsunami didn't crash until about 400 metres away from me. Unfortunately for me, the wave was so powerful that it created an abundance of smaller tsunamis. I was terrified as a tiny tsunami demolished my raft and sent me flying through the air. Splash! I landed in the freezing water, and saw nothing but tsunamis crashing and clashing together. I couldn't move, not because I was numb, but because I was too scared. I couldn't even feel my body anymore. "Oh no," I thought, "I'm getting hypothermia. I'm going to die." I watched the tsunami thunder in my path, "Oh well," I thought, "at least I'll all my problems will go away when I die." Now the tsunami was only a kilometre away, and was coming closer with each passing second. "Good-bye world, good-bye life, good-bye Steve," I said as the tsunami was only a few seconds from tearing me apart.#p#分页标题#e#   "Good-bye life? Try good-bye tsunami!" shouted a voice from above. I looked up. There, in midair, was a chopper to rescue me. "Grab on!" shouted the voice as he threw down a rope ladder. I quickly grabbed hold of it and just barely missed the tsunami. I looked down as I was being pulled up. Boom! The tsunami crashed in the spot where I was before, awaiting my death. But I realized that life was too good to give up, so I cheated death, by a hair.   "where am I? And who are you?" I asked in a weary voice.   "You're home, and my name's Steve," said the voice.   "What?" That was I could say before I slumped into a deep sleep....   "Joey, Joey," said a mysterious voice. I opened my eyes. "Joey, Joey," repeated the voice. I looked at my surroundings, and found out that I was in a hospital bed, and that I was not alone. I looked at my visitor. He had blue eyes, brown hair, a gaunt face, all of the features that Steve had! I gasped.   "Steve?" I asked.   "Yes," he replied.   "But, you're-,"   "No. I didn't die," he replied.   "But, how?"   "It doesn't matter now, but I'll tell you someday. The main priority for you is to get better," he said, "Don't worry, your parents will be here soon." I smiled and thought in my head, "So many good things happened in my life, and so many of them lost. But this adventure, I shall never forget." I took one last look around me, and then I closed my eyes... 