 The Millionaire Next Door   This classic which was first published in 1996 and written by Thomas J. Stanley and William D. Danko offers in-depth knowledge from the findings of the authors of how America's millionaires became rich in seven key steps. One of the high points discussed was the simple and strategic method of spending less than you earn. By doing this, you could avoid impulse buying and diversify your investments.   Rich Dad, Poor Dad   Robert T. Kiyosaki's book remains a stunner any day and anytime. It is a must read if you want to start crafting a path to wealth while you are young. In this book, Kiyosaki was able to bring the distinguishing factor or habits of his father, who was a highly educated man yet poor, and his other father who was a dropout but became a self-made multimillionaire. The focus follows what are termed the different “quadrants” of the different classes of people in society and how you can elevate yourself to the Investor quadrant which will make you super rich.   How Rich People Think   Steve Siebold author of "How Rich People Think" has spent 30 years interviewing 1, 000 millionaires and billionaires to figure out what distinguished them from the average person. In the book, Siebold offers concrete action steps to follow as an ambitious person to building your own wealth.   Think and Grow Rich   Written in an era of Great Depression, author and former adviser to President Franklin Roosevelt interviewed over 500 successful people to discover the keys to good fortune. A classic and bestselling book, it discusses how you should start planning by setting your aim and desire of how much you really want to earn. It all starts from the power of your thoughts and then action.   You're So Money: Live Rich, Even When You're Not   Directed towards the middle class earners who are making entry level pay, author Farnoosh Torabi talks about how you can save money in certain areas of your life. The book is a great read and offers wonderful advice to young people. It has a witty, funny and concise approach to explaining to people how they can handle their finances appropriately on the road to becoming rich. 