 The Lovely Bones By Alice Sebold; 400 pages   Because Susie made us trust -- and cry for -- a ghost.   In Sebold's first novel, The Lovely Bones, she has crafted a gripping tale of tragedy. Part detective story, part family drama, part meditation on what lies beyond, The Lovely Bones is a page-turner in the most literary sense.   Gone Girl By Gillian Flynn; 422 pages   Because Flynn nails an age-old fear: Do we really know the people closest to us?   As the story unfolds in precise and riveting prose, readers will find they are being manipulated by the unreliable narrator Nick. Still, even one notices this, searching for the missing pieces is half the thrill of this wickedly absorbing tale.   Interpreter of Maladies By Jhumpa Lahiri; 198 pages   Because change is inevitable...and nobody knows what the heck to do about it.   The author's details about the specific Indian culture were so precise and evocative, and yet her insights into family dynamics, homesickness and the ways we grapple with shifting circumstances resonated with us all. 
  Life of Pi By Yann Martel; 326 pages   Because we can't resist a didn't-see-it-coming spiritual punch.   The novel asked us to think how we endure tragedy, who we become in its wake and how, within it, we may just find both the terrifying and the miraculous.   The Fault in Our Stars By John Green; 336 pages   Because we all need to feel first love again; even if we know the horrible sob-fest to come at the end.   Sixteen-year-old Hazel faces terminal cancer with humor and pluck. But it isn't until she meets Augustus in a support group that she understands how to love or live fully.   The novel asked us to think how we enduretragedy, who we become in its wake and how, within it, we may just find both the terrifying and the miraculous.   Wild Swans: Three Daughters of China By Jung Chang; 538 pages   Because we got a literary visa to a long-hidden part of the world.   Chang's memoir reads like a blockbuster multigenerational novel, but it's true. Through the portrait of her family, Chang paints a picture of mid-20th-century China, the suffering of its people and the resilience of women everywhere.   Wild By Cheryl Strayed; 315 pages   Because Strayed showed us how to leave our tough, destructive pasts 1,100 miles behind us.   Cheryl Strayed, 26, admitted herself as a total mess. She righted herself by setting out to hike up the Pacific Crest Trail. How she did it, and what she learned about life, love, and survival of the emotional and physical sort, is the subject of her moving memoir, Wild.   White Teeth By Zadie Smith; 464 pages   Because wildly smart novels never go out of style.   In her daring debut novel, Zadie Smith takes us straight to 1970s multicultural London. Smith's wit and audacity is simply irresistible -- as she had written entirely in the language of charisma. 