 House of Sand and Fog By Andre Dubus III; 365 pages   Because as much as it hurt, we couldn't look away.   Combining unadorned realism with profound empathy, House of Sand and Fog is a devastating exploration of the American Dream gone awry.   Eat, Pray, Love By Elizabeth Gilbert; 352 pages   Because we'll probably never embark on a trip like this -- in fact, we're sitting in a cubicle. But we adored going along for the ride.   Culinary delights, rigorous spiritual searching and exhilarating romance (in that order) were all in store, and we devoured every detail. Afterward, we couldn't stop talking about Gilbert's adventures in self-discovery -- and our own.   The Secret Life of Bees By Sue Monk Kidd; 336 pages   Because three awesome beekeepers taught us about the value of mothering ourselves.   With its "hive" of great characters and its uplifting message of self-empowerment, Bees was the novel for mothers and daughters of all ages to share.   The Poisonwood Bible By Barbara Kingsolver; 560 pages   Because Barbara Kingsolver has a sneaky way of making us more empathic.   This novel features five narrators, observing and commenting the clash of cultures, the struggle to overcome stifling conventions, and the preservation of heritage.   The Poisonwood Bible By Barbara Kingsolver; 560 pages   Because Barbara Kingsolver has a sneaky way of making us more empathic.   This novel features five narrators, observing and commenting the clash of cultures, the struggle to overcome stifling conventions, and the preservation of heritage.   Water for Elephants By Sara Gruen; 350 pages   Because who doesn't love a pachyderm and a happy ending?   This depression-era tale of life with a third-rate traveling circus centers on orphaned animal caretaker Jacob, the woman he loves and her cruel and abusive husband, who happens to be the boss.   The Remains of the Day By Kazuo Ishiguro; 245 pages   Because the anguish of unrequited love makes for riveting reading.   This quiet, heart-piercing novel showed us the cost of misplaced loyalties and missed opportunity, and reminded us of the happiness we must claim for ourselves.   The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks By Rebecca Skloot; 381 pages   Because we would have never known the truth without it.   Henrietta Lacks was a poor, Southern tobacco farmer, yet her cells -- taken without her knowledge -- became one of the most important tools in medicine. 