 Take Every Chance You Get   Life is about taking chances, grabbing opportunities and taking risks. Don't be afraid to try something new, move somewhere new, work somewhere new, meet new people and learn something new.   Let Go of Expectations   Expectations ruin everything and most of the time our expectations are too high for those around us and for ourselves. No one is perfect and nothing is ever going to be perfect. The faster you can learn this and let go of too high or false expectations, the easier life will come to you. Expectations bring heartache and only cause harm. Expect nothing and appreciate everything.   Life Is Complex. Try Not to Worry   Don't worry because everyone has ups and downs. It's just how life is. Life is extremely messy and complicated, but don't despair because things will work out in the end. Keep living and keep on doing what you enjoy. Don't be too hard on yourself.   You Get What You Put In   Happiness, love and confidence come from within. Life is what you make of it and what you put into it. You can create whatever life you want, and if you create that life and it doesn't work for you anymore, guess what? You can create a whole new life that does work. You may not have a choice in things that happen to you but you have a choice in how you react to them. Try to stay positive no matter what life throws at you and get through the tough times by talking to friends, family and a counselor if you need to.   You Will Face Rejection   You will be rejected at some point in your life. Rejection hurts at the very core of your being, but try not to take it too personally. Oftentimes, when you're rejected it has nothing to do with you and everything to do with the person rejecting you. Take it in stride, let it slide off your back and move on. I know this is easier said than done, but it will go a long way in making you feel better and happier.   Love More and Keep Your Heart Open   Love is all that really matters in the end. Give of yourself more than anything. Try to be patient, empathetic, understanding, caring and gentle with other people. Get to know people better by asking questions and listening attentively. People usually like to talk about themselves and questions are a great way to get conversations going. Love people for who they are, just as they are, and realize that everyone is a work in progress! Life is a continual work in progress. We're all just trying to find our way, and we're all confused and looking for contentment. Life is a journey, and happiness is not a destination to arrive at, but a way of living.   Relationships Don't Come Easy   Choosing a life partner/spouse is hard. Relationships in general are hard, not just romantic ones but friendships and family relations as well. Stay in touch with people who you really care about and who really care about you. Make an effort to stay an active person in their life if you really care. You will not have as many close friends as you get older and you will probably lose some friends as well. Remember that it is okay, not everyone who comes into your life is meant to stay forever; let them go and cherish the people who are still in your life. 