 Make Your Health a Priority, Not an Option   Once you get into your late 20s and early 30s your body is going to start losing metabolism and energy. You're going to start hurting and going to bed earlier. Start eating better and exercising. Don't think of it as a choice. Start developing a healthier lifestyle and soon it will become habit. Take care of yourself physically, mentally and spiritually.   You're Only Young Once   Enjoy being young while you are still young! Enjoy being young as much as possible. Enjoy the metabolism and the fun times. Cross stuff off your bucket list while you're young because no one knows how much time you truly have. Don't wait until you're old and can't or may not be able to do the things you really want to experience. Seriously, you may be broke while you're young, but that doesn't matter. You've got time to make money and settle down. Travel, explore and do what your heart desires now. You can still get married, have children and a household and career starting in your 20s if you want, but you should try to balance your life with equal amounts of responsibility and fun. The last thing you want to do is look back on missed chances.   Attitude Determines Your Altitude   Attitude is everything and that's not something they teach you in school. Having a good attitude can make all the difference in your life. It makes life easier and happier when you have a positive outlook and are able to keep your attitude light and flexible when dealing with other people and with life's challenges.   You're Going to Spend A Lot of Time Figuring Stuff Out   Unless you're one of the lucky few who already knows what their passion is and what you really enjoy, you will be spending a lot of time trying new things and figuring out what you're good at and what you like. Don't be afraid to try new things and fail at them; failing builds character. You have a lot of growing up to do in your 20s, a lot of self-examination and exploration. Use this time wisely to get to know yourself as best as you can–not that you won't change as you continue to get older, but it's definitely a time of discovery, getting to know oneself and what you want in this world and what you have to contribute to the world.   How You Treat People Matters   Treating people with respect and decency can get you a long way in the world. Remember that "honey attracts more flies than vinegar." Being nice to people really does actually matter to people. You won't get anywhere tearing other people down or blaming others for anything. Take responsibility for yourself, your actions and your feelings.   You Will Not Have Everything Figured Out Anytime Soon   If you don't have everything figured out by the time you're 30, you're not alone. If you're not where you want to be in your life or career, don't sweat it, you still have time. Some people never figure out what they really want to do with their lives, but they get a lot of great experience, learn new things and can transfer their skills to many types of jobs. If you know what you want to do in life, start doing it immediately, practice it as much as possible and you will get better at it.   Be Prepared To Deal With Changes in Relationships   Look at your time with exes and be thankful; even though it didn't work out, at least you got to experience it and learn from it. You rolled the dice and lost, but at least you took a chance! Don't think that just because something wasn't meant to be for your entire life doesn't mean it didn't add value and was right where you needed to be at the time.   In your 20s, especially if you have a family, it gets harder and harder to spend time with friends because of so many different time demands. You will be pulled in every direction and it's up to you to decide what your priorities are. Having a couple of close friends you can rely on can make a difference in your life. As they say "shared joy is doubled, shared sorrow is halved." 