  1. You will optimize your brain power     This shouldn't come as a shock, but studies suggest reading makes you smart. Unlike watching television, which requires no thought process, reading is an active learning experience that will keep your mind sharp (even in old age).     2. You will increase your odds of success     The more books you read, the more knowledge you will have, the more strategies and resources your brain will store, the more likely you will succeed.     3. You will immerse yourself in a new world     Sometimes our daily life can start to feel dull, dry or depressing -- I know it, you know it, we all know it. At times like this, I like to dive into a good fiction book for a much-needed escape into another world, where I can forget about whatever problems are stressing me out. Whether you want to travel to the land of the Hobbits, a galaxy far away or a tropical destination in a steamy romance novel is up to you. You'll come back refreshed after your mini-vacation to a fresh and exciting place in the world of words.     4. You will improve your vocabulary     The more words you're capable of using, the better you will become at expressing your thoughts and feelings. I couldn't imagine how I would write articles like this if I didn't actively aim to expand my vocabulary, because using the same few words to express myself would get awfully boring in a hurry (don't you agree?).     5. You will have things to talk about at parties     Reading more books will enable you to say the sentence, "Did you know ______?" more often, making it easier to start conversations with strangers (or, as I like to say, "People who aren't my friends yet").     6. You will entertain yourself for a low price     If you're looking for entertainment on a budget, you can't beat books. Thanks to the popularity of electronic reading devices like the Kindle and re-selling websites like eBay, it's never been easier to entertain yourself for hours at a time, for the low cost of a few dollars.     7. You will discover surprising new ideas that are interesting and engaging     Reading introduced me to concepts like mindful eating, relaxation exercises, and the importance of loving yourself. If I didn't read, I wouldn't even be aware of these ideas, which have defined my entire coaching philosophy. If you don't read, you could be missing out on intriguing ideas that would likewise re-define your personal purpose or business philosophy.     8. You will eliminate boredom during down-time     Have you ever found yourself stuck in a waiting room, bored out of your mind, with nothing to read but gossip magazines? If so, you should know that it is wise to keep a book in your purse or car at all times, as you never know when you'll find yourself with some time to kill. Even if you just take a few minutes to read a chapter during your commute and lunch break every day, those minutes will quickly turn into hours if repeated consistently.     9. You will strengthen your patience muscles     We live in a society that expects instant gratification, which is anything but a blessing for most people's success in life, as there is nothing "quick" or "easy" about losing weight or starting a successful business. While it might be "easier" to watch a two-hour movie, it is far more beneficial to spend forty-eight hours reading a book. Opting for the book over the TV will strengthen your patience muscles over time, resulting in more success in business and life.     10. You will become an expert in your field     Don't you think reading academic journals, articles, and books by experts in your field might make you better at what you do? If you can't be bothered to learn more about your profession, then your lack of passion could be a sign that you're in the wrong field.     11. You will reduce stress and unwind into a good night's sleep     Exposing yourself to artificial light on your cellphone, TV or tablet reduces your body's production of melatonin, which can make it difficult to get a good night's sleep, if you do so late at night. You would be wise to cut off all electronics at least an hour before bed, and replace that with a good book, which is a much better sleep-friendly alternative.     12. You will change your life     I firmly believe that if it wasn't for books, I wouldn't have achieved an awful lot in my life; nor would I have the knowledge, imagination or creativity that I depend on as a writer, business owner, and coach. I hope these reasons to read more books encourage you to unlock your potential with the power of reading. 