  Don't expect a miracle     It probably took you a lifetime to reach the size you are now, and that means it might take years to become the healthiest version of yourself, says Alicia Marie, a holistic enthusiast who has dropped more than 100lbs. It may be a long time before you see physical changes -- but don't let that discourage you.     Don't go on a diet     Embracing an eating plan specifically designed for weight loss is a temporary measure to a permanent problem. "A 'diet' is something a person goes on, knowing there comes a time when they go off of it," says Randy Hartman, a reinvention coach who has lost more than 80lbs. "This only exacerbates the problems and ends in yo-yo weight loss. It's far better to embark on an eating plan that you can follow for the rest of your life. Consistency over the long haul is key."     Don't be drastic     Instead of making lots of big changes, Becky Lehman, who, after losing 100lbs, is now a certified health coach, recommends making one small change a day to move yourself closer to your health goals and avoid becoming overwhelmed. "Drastic changes don't tend to stick, but the basic concepts of weight loss remain the same: move more, eat more vegetables, drink more water," she says. "Drinking one extra glass of water today will not cause the scale to drop 20lbs, but those small changes can add up to huge and lasting transformations."     Make fitness a priority, but go slowly     Naomi Teeter, the blogger behind Inspire Transformation, knew it was a priority to make working out a habit when she began her weight-loss journey -- all in all, she lost 150lbs and has managed to keep 125lbs off for seven years. Yet she cautions against going too hardcore. "Too many people live by the philosophy, 'Go hard or go home,' when it comes to fitness and beat themselves to the ground when they first start out, causing them to give up more easily," she explains. "Your workout doesn't have to be insane to be good."     Don't ban specific foods     Making certain foods "off limits" can tempt you even more -- and almost always leads to overindulging. According to Lehman, she eats chocolate "almost every single day," yet has still managed to keep the weight off. "Of course, willpower still comes into play here, but don't cut your favorite foods out of your diet completely."     Recruit someone who will hold you accountable     An accountability buddy doesn't necessarily need to be a workout buddy, but they do need to be someone you can talk to when you're feeling unmotivated and who can remind you of your original goal, says Kelsey Byers, lifestyle coach and fitness blogger behind Good Morning Fit, who has lost 50lbs. Byers' husband helped her stick to her goals; social media can also help you find a supportive community if you don't feel like there's anyone nearby who can help you as you try to drop weight.     Stop buying food products...     … and start buying whole foods. That means no more things in boxes, simple frozen meals, foods mushed into bar form, and so on, Marie says. Walk around the outside of the grocery store and don't mess with the inner isles. With the exception of dried beans and coffee, there's really not much you need in those aisles. 