  11. Sexual innuendo or flirting      Double entendres, sexist comments, flirting with your friends, your granny, your boss – and the list goes on.      12. Bad jokes      Nothing creates a false smile quicker than someone who tells jokes that seriously aren't at all funny – and doesn't know when to admit defeat when the crowd aren't responding.      13. Burping or worse     Done accidentally, it falls into the 'Emphatic' embarrassment category. Done deliberately, it's plain childish.      14. Insensitive comments or behaviour      Your best friend's just broken down in tears over the recent death of a parent, your partner interrupts your consoling to ask 'Can I have that last piece of chicken?' or tells your friend who's struggling to conceive to buy a cat.      15. Desperately embarrassing dancing     Oh the shame, the shame.      16. Openly criticising      The husband who's always saying things like 'Really? Second helpings?' or 'I think you'll find Zoe didn't quite understand your point there. What she really meant to say was....'      17. Constant put-downs      Some people think sarcastic put-downs are witty and if your partner's like it with everyone, it might not be directed at you.      But if they treat everyone else with respect except for you, it's time for counselling.      18. Being clumsy      Some people are just clumsy (me), so really can't help spilling drinks all over everyone, smashing glasses on a regular basis, bumping into people carrying delicate things (all me).      I don't have a leg to stand on here, so instantly forgive anything clumsy my partner does but appreciate it isn't easy taking a partner who's a walking time bomb to precarious places (like department stores).      19. Repeating stories      Everyone goes on a loop when they're drunk – which is fine if everyone else is as well.      Not so forgivable if your partner's the only one who's been knocking back the sherry and everyone else is having to laugh at something they've now heard 65 times.      20. Boasting      Not a good look for anyone but particularly shaming when it's your partner blowing smoke up their own backside. 