  Imagine life as a game in which you are juggling five balls in the air. You name them: work, family, health, friends, and spirit, and you're keeping all of them in the air. You will soon understand that work is a rubber ball. If you drop it, it will bounce back. But the other four balls--family, health, friends, and spirit are made of glass. If you drop one of these, they will be irrevocably scuffed, marked, nicked, damaged, or even shattered. They will never be the same. You must understand that and strive for balance in your life.     How?     Don t undermine your worth by comparing yourself with others.Itis because we are different that each of us is special.     Don t set your goals by what other people deem important. Onlyyouknow what is best for you.     Don t take for granted the things closest to your heart. Clingtothem as you would cling to your life, for without them, lifeismeaningless.     Don t let your life slip through your fingers by living inthepast or for the future. By living your life one day at a time,youlive ALL the days of your life.     Don t give up when you still have something to give. Nothingisreally over until the moment you stop trying.     Don t be afraid to admit that you are less than perfect. Itisthis fragile thread that binds us each together.     Don t be afraid to encounter risks. It is by taking chancesthatwe learn how to be brave.     Don t shut love out of your life by saying it s impossibletofind. The quickest way to receive love is to give; the fastestwayto lose love is to hold it too tightly; and the best way tokeeplove is to give it wings.     Don t run through life so fast that you forget not only whereyouve been, but also where you are going.     Don't forget that a person's greatest emotional need is to feel appreciated. Don't use time or words carelessly. Neither can be retrieved. Life is not a race, but a journey to be savored each step of the way.     Yesterday is a history,tomorrow is a mystery,only today is a gift,that is why we call it present. 