 "Are you wearing that?"   "If you're taking me out somewhere, and you see me with clothes on, then yes, I'm wearing that. This is not a hologram outfit under which I'm actually naked and about to get dressed in something you won't passive-aggressively tell me you don't like."  –Fara Greenbaum, comedian, New York City   "You should smile more."   "I hate when guys tell me to smile more. Maybe I just got fired today. Maybe I've just been walking around in 5-inch heels all day. Maybe I'm just not impressed with your mesh t-shirt. I don't tell you to do things, like get a haircut. But you definitely need one."  -Chrissie Mayr, comedian and host of Comedy at Stonewall Inn, New York City   "A pet peeve is when strangers -- always men -- tell me to smile. This happens a lot on the NYC subway, and no one on the subway is happy to be taking the subway. While waiting for the train one day, a guy asked me, 'Why aren't you smiling?' and I told him, 'Because I didn't push you in front of the train yet.'   -Jessica Sager, comedian, New York City   "You're too pretty to [FILL IN THE BLANK]."   "A friend of mine encountered this pretty recently when a man came up to her after a show she was on and told her she was too pretty to use explicit language during her act. Unfortunately, this sort of comment crops up more than you'd think, as well as the notion that women can't be both 'pretty and funny.' This sort of backhanded compliment is guaranteed to incite rage in the recipient because, shocker, I don't like being told what I can and can't do because of the way society may perceive me. And no, I'm not too pretty to kick your ass."  -Nikki Black, comedian, Philadelphia, PA   "You wanna watch a movie?"   "I love movies. But come on, we all know what that means! 'You wanna watch a movie?' translates to 'Let's bone.' Most sentences uttered by men can be translated to 'You wanna f---?' Sure, let's bone but you said we could watch my favorite movie! You can't ask a movie lover to watch a movie unless you plan on finishing the flick. You better be a real good fella if you're going to interrupt Good Fellas."  -Jessimae Peluso, comedian and star of MTV's Girl Code 